listen we're in the era where every
streaming service is eyeing at your
wallet they know you're not going
anywhere right now
so I Amazon's looking to become a film
festival age feels given out their
lineup but Netflix is out there making
socks that Auto pauses your shows so you
don't miss any product placement and
stranger things and yet a new one has
premiered called qui V which is short
for quick bytes and it's all meant to be
watched on your phone in 10 minutes or
less and while ads are supposed to
answer the question of what it is they
just hire celebrities to say what it do
do you mean do you know how long just a
could be kwibi and in 10 minutes or less
I was kwibi doubt so thanks to the great
courses for sponsoring this video as i
binge - everything this app had to offer
opening day and sadly it came off as
rich people YouTube let me explain so
kwibi is a streaming app that only works
on your phone founded by Meg Whitman who
did eBay and Jeffrey Katzenberg er who
was a chairman at Disney during this
time only to follow it up with
co-founding DreamWorks that's how they
were able to get big media companies to
fund up to 2 billion dollars for this
thing and it's not dissimilar to what
HBO did in the 1990s when they came
along and said we're not TV we're HBO
and we would say any we're not
short-form
the service runs at $5 a month with that
which I just cannot promote at all and
then $8 with no ads but they are
offering the first 90 dollars for free
so even though I'm gonna judge it for
its poor first-day rollout hopefully
they don't pull an Apple or Disney and
they actually put a bunch more new
consonant within these next three months
so one of the big things they noted was
that one Netflix is killing it with
subscribers only 10% watch on their
phone and it's an on-the-go use case you
know every morning you leave your house
with a little television in your pocket
and you have all these in-between mimics
like when you were waiting for me to
show up the really big feature that
they've been touting is a stain called
turn style which get this allows you to
go from horizontal mode to portrait it's
supposed to give you different
perspectives for when you're watching
something and they've touted how
revolutionary it's going to be for the
storytellers one angle can be cinematic
and the other can be an inside view of
the characters cell phone or less I got
none of that during the launch pretty
much all it did for me was it zooms in
on the video that's already been shot
you know
some of the reality or new shows did
re-edit the graphics for when it went
vertical something that snapchat already
does but you're actually missing a lot
of what's going on if you're not
horizontal when you're watching one of
the narratives I would have characters
just appear since we never got the wide
to establish that they were getting
closer so in my opinion it's a little
messy right now on top of that they said
they created a playbook that they have
in order to keep this turnstile fluid
between filmmakers that said the people
who designed the playbook is the
director of the Bourne Identity and the
director of Twilight so hopefully it
doesn't come off feeling too repetitive
and they win their lawsuit one of the
big things I will give kwibi is that its
rollout was shuttered due to unforeseen
circumstances so the mobile app that's
meant to be viewed on the go Carolee
move
it's like Pokemon go indoors they've
switched from a lot of their live TV
events which are going to correspond
with March Madness and a lot of the
other sports to a more social media leg
approach and that's the big thing here
this does feel like a streaming platform
where they can charge you but then they
also want it to be another social media
account that people or businesses are
supposed to have I hope you'll come back
on and share that wait to see what the
CNBC version is yeah the problem here is
that none of these other social media
accounts charge you a monthly fee again
it's pretty much snapchat with a big
push that they're not repackaging what
we see except how are you not going to
repackage the news like it's the news
are you gonna deliver it in a different
so here's the thing their constant is
meant to be split into three parts
there's movies and chapters which will
be to our movies broken down into ten
minute segments which again it's
probably just a show or how some of us
have already seen movies they will also
have unscripted series and Docs and this
thing called daily essentials which what
a work to use right now but it really is
just snapchat with news and random
coverage but yet to pay the $5 while you
watch ads Katzen burger has said that he
expects out of the 50 shows to premiere
in the first two weeks eight out of ten
will go viral in terms of movies there
is the ability to make a 2-hour feature
now feel prolonged and you know have it
be a daily experience but then I realize
that that also means that they're
cutting up a movie into twelve parts so
that they can fill it up with ads
most dangerous game starts one of the
Hemsworth's being hunted like the short
story it's based on but honestly it
feels like one of those dollar-store
books come to life if you've never heard
the story and you want a version that
teases you with every ending then sure
survived stars Corey Hawkins and sophie
Turner as a woman with suicidal
tendencies who ends up in a plane crash
and now has to survive it's like 13
reasons why meets that ages Elba movie
nobody saw so it wasn't for me Nicki
fresh is Nicole Richie trying to be a
trap icon so I got flipped instead which
stars Will Forte and Kaitlin Olson and a
goofy series about flipping houses that
gets them involved with the drug cartel
when the street light goes on is
actually pretty decent it's my favorite
one out of all of the the movie shows it
takes place in a small town where a
double homicide has occurred and it's
probably the only movie show I want to
come back to and finish watching but
hopefully those in blue ballers and it
delivers in terms of show shows
Chrissy's core is like if you took a
disease and formulated into short form
content I get you like Judge Judy
but I swore that if they fabricated a
way to get John Legend to appear just to
somehow create a series of unfortunate
events that would lead him to randomly
belting out a song so everyone can I'm
pretty sure they're banking on this
being one of the ones that goes viral
and my best bet is that it'll come from
the people they're exploiting not the
talent on screen Punk'd in singles out
also came back as you know reboots from
old series that I thought were a little
man-like sure the draw for Punk depends
on who they are punking but I remember
how Hollywood gave up on parodies
because the you know the time that by
the time that they were released it we
had already moved on to the next thing
that's why parody strived on YouTube
with the quick turn over and I feel the
same thing with pranks how they even got
Liza Koshi for one of the episodes and
she caught on quick cuz they make it so
obvious and she was raised by the
Internet
[Laughter]
[Music]
you just had to be that extra who
improved huh they're also bringing back
Reno 9-1-1
the ones that aren't focusing on just
hey look a big star but actually focus
on the tone and the content you know the
audience I think those will do the best
everything else
it's this weird cringy mashup of things
trying to go viral dismantled is a Food
Show that hasn't throwing food at
contestants and then they have to guess
the dish pretty much it gets rid of all
the stuff you like in cooking shows
because the 30 minutes has been
condensed to six minutes and they only
want the viral bits the sauce is another
dance competition but involves social
media Murder House flip is an HG TV show
sprinkled with true crimes so it has a
better chance of reaching one of the two
demographics Will Arnett is hosting more
shows and NIC cages taking red box
movies and his new one is literally the
stuff you see past midnight on vh1 that
reminisce is a nostalgic yeah I'd rather
go see 2 Chainz on YouTube instead he
covers more stuff in it's free all this
stuff feels like a gas station video
it's not to say that they don't have
some good ones right I'm not a fan of
how they promote you ain't got these but
it is a cool shoe show Prodigy are
little excerpts on young athletes and
music focuses on the people or technical
aspects surrounding world touring
artists like you know the guy who makes
the lights the guy who helps J Balvin
breathe and while the production is
great I love what they cover I'm not
gonna lie I wish they were longer cuz
right now I can get this on snapchat
again for free that said I then stumbled
upon the JLo show where rich celebrities
give regular working folk money and then
tell them to split it you know for
content what are the gods
with these big focus is on essentials
pretty much uploading daily in order to
fill out a catalog of old news so I'm
not really sure that you consider that
content just like you don't consider
steroids muscle is it convenient to have
it all in one place you know it's kind
of like Twitter moments but all video
all bite-sized I'd say sure but if
you're gonna charge money we kind of
need to have a connection with the host
all they're really banking on is star
power and if you've heard me talk about
the age of the internet the age of tech
talk Hollywood has not realized that
they are not better by default I think
that it's apparent here especially when
you notice that all of these shows all
these things that they're doing are
things youtubers have already done but
for free but this is kwibi and its quo
higher-quality
with talents seeing all the celebrity
ads which are very reminiscent of the
Apple music ads from that launch makes
me believe that there are some lucrative
deals and I'm always for creators owning
their own content but I don't want them
to let people in with celebrities only
to then lock in other rising talent into
the platform it's early but this does
have the potential for video creators
and it has the potential to be something
great if they don't drop the ball
obviously it connected with Spielberg
who went at streaming only to then work
exclusively for QB with the thing that
can only be played after dark
Anton Fuka has a thriller with stuff on
James coming out Guillermo is working on
stuff Zac Efron is supposed to die
overall they're planning on uploading
three hours of new content each day two
new series each Monday I have no idea
what they're gonna be whether they're
gonna be good when the rest of these
will ever get confirmed dates on when
they'll be released but with all the
money and star power and with all the
people going nowhere for the next couple
of months they need to go all-out if
they want to stay here for years to come
or else they're gonna be gone and equip
your less we've lived through the era of
movies and then we've been doing that
for 110 years we've had TV five years
from now my dream come true is we come
back here and we will watch kwibi x'
which we watch on our cell phones and we
watch them in bite sizes on five to ten
minutes on the on the go and kwibi is
too short form what Kleenex is to tissue
or
Google is to search that's the well
considering YouTube's free I'm gonna
stick to that thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm always
curious to know your thoughts about this
in this platform which one stood out to
you but as seeing as quippy has had to
change things because of all the
advertising money they had I'm really
grateful for our response or the great
courses definitely go check them out if
you benched everything that there is off
of your family accounts this past month
then the great courses has 11,000 videos
from experts professionals in their
field giving you free courses on things
such as cooking for those who are still
making instant ramen travel for those at
home knitting for everyone who's
devoured their quarantine snacks and
needs new clothes but I've personally
been taking piano lessons with Miss
Pamela pike she doesn't rush me there's
no homework no zoom meetings and I like
kwibi you can actually stream the great
courses from your phone and TV laptop
how can you handle switch because if
there's one thing we've learned during
these times it's that learning doesn't
stop once you're out of school we live
in the age of the internet when we have
an entire world of knowledge at our
fingertips and instead we watch the
goofiest stuff so with great courses you
could finally learn a thing or two as
you binge they had you stuff every month
so if you're interested they gave us a
link at the great courses plus comm
slash let me explain you can click it
down below and they're giving LME fans a
free trial so we really appreciate their
sponsorship you get some free courses it
helps the channel and it keeps us all
safe indoors so that's it I am curious
to know your thoughts on kwibi do you
think it'll be here next to you will end
up a digital fossil I'm curious on the
offline viewing because it is
technically streaming to videos at the
same time and Whitman mentioned 5g a
dozen time in our interviews so they're
clearly relying on that it's also
political year you know they do host
news on the things so you know you've
talked about Tim Cook not allowing
anything on Apple unless he would watch
it so I'm hoping that's not the case
here cuz I do think crabs do Katzenberg
has a better eye for storytelling and
it's the reason why I feel this may may
be here for a while because you know big
bucks means big star isn't and he knows
the binging model like he is really
ahead on how this he was able to sell it
for two billion dollars you can't record
bits though so I don't know how he
expects things to go viral
all about them pretending YouTube didn't
do a lot of this first but uh a lot of
these creators are making content
because their kids are on their phones
it doesn't necessarily mean that these
directors know how to direct the content
that is on their kids phone you know a
lot of it is tick-tock so again it's
going to be interesting to see Hollywood
try to adapt to the Internet age than
that again thanks to our sponsor make
sure you learn the skills when it's all
over people finally enter your six foot
barrier but other than that don't forget
to comment like and subscribe
you might even get your own queasy show